alright it made my Lobby pan is going to
be 6 9 by 4200
what do you guys reckon what you guys
want to play oh I'm down for we could do
a pool day another one with the bikini
woman yes is it think it was like super
explicit and we stopped playing it you
don't want to you don't want to give it
a try no give a little little cheeky try
well let's give it a try there's no way
I'm this short there's no way I'm this
short this is a problem hang on hang on
oh my god it's three tall women all
surrounding me in a circle it's like one
of my nightmares it's just too much
pressure
oh what's on the tally you're hanging on
let me let me put my remote here Oh
an ad it's an ad for Nord VPN oh [__]
it's a Russian hacker Tesla tossing my
proxy server if you think hackers are
trying to steal your RAM or think the
government actually cares about what
porn you watch then you'd be delighted
to know that Nord VPN offers
military-grade encryption and allows you
to browse the internet anonymously from
servers located anywhere in the world
now I know you guys don't give a [__]
about your data or whether your browsing
is private and to be honest I don't
either what I care about is that Netflix
is adding all of the Studio Ghibli films
starting this month but you can't watch
them in the u.s. because HBO max already
has the streaming rights but with Nord
VPN you could put your ass in the UK and
bam I'm watching Kiki's [__]
delivery service and that's worth
copping Nord VPN for go to north VPN com
forward slash swagger souls or use code
swagger souls to get 70% off a three
year plan plus one additional month free
that's only three fifty a month for
three years allowing you to view any web
site from anywhere in the world
anonymously and securely Valentine's Day
just around the corner so imagine a
surprise studio ghibli marathon for your
partner if you have one nord VPN comm
forward slash swagger souls it may not
get you laid but it's worth a shot
oh stop it stop it this is supposed to
be glass it is we could shoot right
through it go over there there's a
[__] door Bethany you dumb [__] I'm
so glad it's it's it's how the [__] did
you get in here God [__] [__] you yeah
that's correct
girl power oh did you [__] slap my
titty
a fellow females are we gossiping and
plotting to ruin our boyfriend's lives
[Laughter]
sister sister let's be real here we're
women we can't drive what we need car is
eight feet tall yeah mine's just
overcompensating oh wow it's a hot sexy
lady right in front of me hello I was I
was puking my guts out in the bathroom
I'm on a cleanse you know oh yeah told
me about the benefits of crystals and
oils
[Music]
Travis you guys really dodged a bullet
by not sticking with the name goop huh
[Laughter]
oh you play piano
[Applause]
[__] oh dude I actually I actually
banished my middle finger against the
wall and just when the other way I hope
it's not broken
holy [__] look at this look at this [__]
honey an apple a day keeps the gyno away
[Music]
hey little little apple [__] huh we
like Granny Smiths Granny Smiths you
[__] slide you you dirty [__] what's
up what's it what's another what's
another word for [__] and or [__] skank
skank right skank [__] stupid skank
you slag slag slag e [__] skanky [__]
sketch the sketch that's the most that's
the most British eat a mop throw that
[__] I just wanna I just want to eat my
Apple it's really good sled hey do you
just turn around for me you just turn
around just just turn around please
thank you yeah you're safe mmm I see
something of interest a possible target
maybe I'll have to maybe I'll have to
take it out all right you're all good
dude anytime dude it's it's quick to
essentially what a woman would do lie
eat Hot Chip be lesbian
the torch not know how to cook yeah
fight fight fight with other girls yep
make a make a [__] [__]
tick-tock video yeah do one right now do
you want do little dance do old tic-tock
dance slow I know where to go I know
where to go oh yeah oh oh yeah yeah it's
literally a it's me it's me Charlie
D'Mello I'm at the hype house so smarted
to it like you play a 200 IQ play
[Music]